# Code of Concduct - Group 6
## How do we plan to collaborate?

* Use GitLab for version control and use workflow adhering to good Git practices such as Issue tracking, feature branching, merge request reviews and continuous integration.
* Dedicate Monday & Friday mornings to mandatory meetings for discussing planning, review and continuously develop the group’s process.
* Opportunity for hybrid work with an agreed upon preference for meeting on campus. Generally group work sessions will take place at 10:30 on weekdays. Any divergence from this agreed upon time or additional meetings will be scheduled as needed, including potential weekend meetings.
* Discord will be used for all online communication in the dedicated project Discord server.

## How do we ensure that everyone in our group stays informed about the individual contributions?
* During meetings and collaborative sessions, individual contributions are to be explained by any member that has contributed individually to keep the rest of the team informed.
* GitLab provides integration with Discord through webhooks, which will be implemented in the team’s server and allow the team to stay updated on any action taken in GitLab by members, including but not limited to issue actions, branch actions, commits, merge requests, comments, pipeline runs etc.
* A shared Google Drive folder will be utilized by the team to document any artifacts created outside of Git such as potential lecture notes, teacher feedback etc. that could be relevant in the course.

## How do we ensure knowledge transfer among our team members?
* Collaborative programming sessions and general course discussions will take place regularly.
* These sessions, mentioned in section 1, will include rundowns, code reviews, tool-help etc and will naturally facilitate an environment where questions members could have to each other are answered quickly and knowledge will be freely exchanged.
* Other feedback mechanisms will be used in the form of constructive merge request feedback and a segment of our collaborative sessions/mandatory meetings where each member answers the question “is there anything you are uncertain of?”.
* The GitLab repo will contain documentation regarding setup, code explanations and more information regarding the project’s process in the form of README docs or in the repo’s Wiki.

## What is our usual communication plan?
* Communication over the Discord server will be consistent during weekdays
* Notice of late arrival or absence should be communicated to the team with reasonable heads up (i.e. not after a meeting starts) unless the circumstances are exceptional.
* Logistical matters can be communicated over the joint Snapchat group or Discord (e.g. “I will arrive in 5 min”)
* Weekend communication is reserved for critical matters or otherwise agreed upon beforehand

## How will we solve conflicts?
* To best handle conflicts, all members will embrace the team’s core values such as treating each other with respect, accept constructive criticism, have empathy for one another and share the belief that everyone works for what is best for the team.
* In case of unresolved disagreements, each party should present their reasoning to the whole of the team and a decision will be taken together either through agreement or a vote.
* In the event of irremediable disagreements, the issue will be escalated to course Teaching Assistants and or the course examiner.

## How do you plan to ensure responsible use of LLMs in your project and how do you transparently and traceably document the use of LLMs? 

### **Ensuring responsible use** 
* Full disclosure: All members are to disclose the presence of generated material with no exceptions. This includes but is not limited to: re-writing text, ideas, source code etc.
* Generated source code is not to be merged into the main git branch unless agreed upon by at least 2 other members. Generating source code is to be reserved for special occasions at the discretion of the team meaning as a guideline we strive for all source code to be human-made.
* Using LLMs to understand concepts or look up specific syntax does not need to be disclosed. Anything generated by LLMs should be viewed with scrutiny and caution as it could “hallucinate” or contain wrong information.
### **Traceability of LLM use**
* Re-written text should be accompanied by the original, human-made text as reference.
* All generated material should have relevant LLM chat logs transcribed and stored in the Git repo. For traceability, any issue, merge request, source code file etc should contain comments linking to the relevant transcripts. [Example](2025-group-06/llm-logs/llm-logs-03-29/log-llama-03-29.png)


## Signed
- Erik Nisbet
- Love Carlander Strandäng
- Martin Lidgren
- Edvin Sanfridsson